404 error fix (#102)
elasticio/splitter-component: CHANGELOG.md

## 1.5.0 (March 28, 2023)

> * Revitalized `Re-assembled message` action - now all messages are stored inside the component and saved to storage only when needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Revitalized `Re-assembled message` action - now all messages are stored in memory within the component and saved to the external storage (Maester) only when needed
```
